Out there
Be pointed at by others
But if that’s the case
You’ll really have nothing left
Plus
You even gave Dì Háo Group
To me
Who says I have nothing?
Don’t I still have you?
I’m preparing
To live off you for life
You better not back out
Don’t worry
I’ll never let you down
I’ll work hard to earn money
And support our family well
Support our family?
So I can take that as
You hinting at
Proposing to me?
I didn’t mean that
Ruò Yǔ
Yeah
My only wish
Is to be by your side
Protecting you for life
Will you give me that chance?
Ruò Yǔ
Will you marry me?
I want to be your husband
And stay by your side forever
Qín Fēng
You’ve already done
So much for me
So
Your proposal
I’m rejecting